# Modifications to the W8BH Morse Tutor for the  Mega2560 

These are third party modifications to the Mega Morse Tutor.
Neither Ken KM4NFQ, nor Bruce W8BH, have tested these.
They are provided 'as is' for experimental or other purposes.

## LICENSE

This source code is released under the MIT License. 

Copyright (c) 2019 Bruce E. Hall

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person 
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without 
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the 
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following 
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be 
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING 
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR 
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Schematics

The schematics, if any, are provided by the author of the 
modifications.

## Wiring Diagrams

The wiring diagrams, if any, are provided by the author of the
modifications.

## Porting the W8BH Morse Tutor to a Mega2560

The Mega 2560 comes in several different form factors, from the
full-size Mega 2560 R3 to the Mega 2560 Pro Mini. 

Any Arduino IDE compatible Mega2560 board may be used unless 
otherwise specified by the author of the modifications.

## RESOURCES

Full 8 part Morse Tutor Tutorial (PDF) available at: 
http://w8bh.net

Original source code for Blue Pill development board at: 
https://github.com/bhall66/morse-tutor

A 'port' of the 'Blue Pill' to a Mega2560 Pro Mini at:
https://github.com/muurtikaar/mega-morse-tutor
